my mom on the pans wake up in the moon
and he will sob you too long I'm here to
do a review on the Crypt onyx torpedo
Cruiser board just picked it up from
Walmart
surprisingly it's a very durable board
they have a video on the internet about
someone running over it with the car
tire yeah came at a good part good price
too because it's like $39 just check it
out it's almost everything on this board
is made by crypt onyx they have the grip
tiny trunks crypt onyx wheels and the
bearings are made by some other company
but basically right it's very smooth the
design design is very similar to a penny
or stereo cruiser there I don't know
what material this is I think it's just
plastic but it looks very close to vinyl
what stereo and penny makes it their
stuff out of yeah but it does real good
on the turns
no car very good goes around smooth the
wheels are very soft gives you soft
right yeah and that's about it it's kind
of good all right
see my car when they said I'm
just are never ever open up a salon to
throw this one in the summer dogs many
women like the mom they just
really what you training dogs